Are you tired of the hassle of exchanging your propane grill tank?
Do you hate lugging your tank all the way to the store and back?
Introducing Cinch, your ultimate solution for propane grill tank exchange.
Cinch delivers propane tanks right to your door so you can focus on what really matters.
Grilling up that perfect burger.
And right now you can get your first tank exchange delivered for just $10 when you use code FUN at checkout.
Just head to cinch.com today at cynch.com.
Limited time offer restrictions apply visit cinch.com/hoffer for details.
Today we talk about a bunch of stuff on the first and last
Hangover New Year's Day special on Ted Rabbit Radio.
I need to drink more water.
Hey everyone.
Welcome back to another episode of Ted Rabbit Radio. I'm your host Jason Carpenter.
I'm having a great day over here. Having a great day too. I am hungover.
Now when I say the first and the last, it's not the first and last New Year's Eve or New Year's Day
episode because we'll have many more of those, but it will be the last episode I do hungover.
Yesterday wasn't just supposed to be the bonus episode. I started to record this episode.
I was going to release it on New Year's Eve. I had one beer. It wasn't even a beer.
It was one of those strawberry-tas. It's just a margarita and a can.
And I proceeded to talk about Bird Box for 20 minutes straight and I was like,
"I can't do this." I went and I edited up the bonus episode.
I have a really low tolerance to alcohol. And then I went out.
So quick note, my buddy Aaron, he's a listener of the show. Hey Aaron.
He invited me to his show. He's in a rock band called Sundiver. Great band.
I wish I could have paid more attention to lyrics because he says there's a lot of like
cool concepts in the lyrics, but in live shows it's kind of hard. Plus by that time I had three
more ciders. Hard ciders, not just regular, a lapel cider. And I was pretty blitzed.
And then I came home and just kind of stumbled around my house for a while, went to bed,
woke up today, ate my body weight in Taco Bell, and now I'm recording this episode.
Once Sundiver starts to get some music recorded, we'll definitely see about playing some of it
on the show. It's a really good band though. And I think a lot of it, when we're talking to Aaron,
a lot of it crosses over to the same topics we talk about here. So I'm not going to talk about
Bird Box for 20 minutes like I did on yesterday's scrapped episode. I wanted to highlight two scenes.
Now, first off, let me back up. Bird Box is the biggest hit movie that Netflix has announced.
They said they had 45 million views of that show within a week. And it's a horror, sci-fi horror
movie about a world where it's the normal world, but one day these invisible ghosts or demons show up.
And if you look at them, you either get so sad you kill yourself, you get so afraid you kill
yourself, or you fall in love with them and you keep running around and going, open your eyes,
and you try to take people's blindfolds off or hold your eyes open. It's completely ridiculous,
completely ridiculous. Premise and the movie doesn't work on multiple levels, but I'm going to
break down my 20-minute review into basically two scenes because this really early on this happened
and it set up everything. The star is who's that chick, Sandra Bullock. But Sandra Bullock and her
sister are driving away from a hospital where they just saw a bunch of people kill themselves
because this infestation or whatever has just come to the United States.
And the sister is driving the car and she said, "We need to get to my ranch. I have supplies there,
it's off the grid. No one can find it because they don't know what's going on."
After watching multiple people kill themselves and on the news it was showing this was happening
worldwide, someone makes that offer to you. There's a mysterious disease causing people to kill
themselves and someone says, "I have a place, completely remote, that's stocked up on supplies."
The normal person would be like, "Just fine, whatever." Sandra Bullock goes, "What? What will I
wear? All my clothes are at my apartment. We have to go to my apartment first." And then,
which is completely stupid, and then the very next scene, they're still in the car, a huge explosion
blows up behind the car, like maybe two or three blocks away, but a massive explosion.
And Sandra Bullock goes to the driver, her sister goes, "Go, go, go, go, go!" And the driver goes,
"What? I can't run a red light." The whole, and they just sat there for a while and then they
started driving, the whole movie is that. It's people's personalities changing scene for scene.
Sometimes Sandra Bullock is very like caring and we're like, "We can't let this guy go back out
there. That's suicide. We have to take this guy in." And then she also has her kid and her friend's
kid. They both gave birth at the same time as one of the Colt members was running through the
house trying to open their eyes up. And she has both those kids for five years. She gives birth
to one of the other little babies there and the mom jumps out the window. So Sandra Bullock with
two babies, five years later we go into the future and she named the kids "Boy and Girl." So it's like
she's sentimental towards Total Stranger. It was supposed to be like she wasn't ready for motherhood
or whatever, nonsense like that, but in some scenes she was totally like close to strangers and other
scenes she can't even like name these kids for five years. It's called Bird Box because she has a
box full of birds. Birds make noises when the monsters are around. And the whole climax of the
movie is her rowing a boat down a river blindfolded. I've seen some stupid, implausible stuff in movies,
but rowing a boat blindfolded down a river, it takes the cake. I've never seen anything that
dumb ever. Early in the movie they drive a car blindfolded and they kind of are like, "Well
this car is GPS and it has like the sensor warnings, but you would be in a... If you did a boat
blindfolded for more than two minutes, you're totally gone. It's like a six mile journey. It's
completely ridiculous." So yeah, that's it Bird Box. Don't watch it. Sorry guys. Better look next
time Netflix. It was better than Cloverfield Paradox, kinda. Okay, so as my dehydrated body,
my husk sits here, still soaked with four ciders, trying to rehydrate. Let's take a look at some
New Year's tradition stuff. I thought it was interesting because I was trying to, I was like,
"Are there any New Year's ghosts?" There's always a ghost walking on a hall somewhere,
but that's not interesting to me. So with all that being said, let's talk about Pizza Gate.
It's only barely connected to it, but it all started off with a Pizza Gate thread on Twitter,
which eventually brought in the daughter of Hillary and Bill Clinton. So Chrissy Teigen.
Chrissy Teigen is a model and she's been around forever. I'm not calling you old Chrissy, but
you've been around for a while. She posted on Twitter, she posted pictures of a little girl,
and her little girl was dressed up as a hot dog, as a pineapple, and as Alice from Alice
Wonderland. Not all of the same time. As awesome as that costume would be. A hot dog dressed up as
Alice with a pineapple on it said, it was three different costumes, and then another tweet,
she tweeted the emoticon of a slice of pizza. So the Twitter people jumped all over this and said,
oh my god, Chrissy Teigen is part of Pizza Gate. Look at these photos. And other people were like,
oh my god, dude, how can you deny that these photos are pictures of Pizza Gate? Here's why.
Alice from Alice in Wonderland is supposedly used by MK Ultra agents to brainwash young girls.
You know Alice falls in the looking glass, the mirror. Anytime you see Alice in Wonderland imagery,
it's because the Illuminati wants you to see that. They're showing you that that's how they brainwash
young girls. And hot dogs. You're like, well, hot dogs are all American. How can that be associated
with a French revolutionary group of masons from the 1700s? How does a hot dog have to do with them?
Well, a hot dog is a code word. You should know this audience. Oh, what? I can't believe I have to
even explain this concept to you. It's so obvious. A hot dog is a code word for a young boy.
Should dump you for the Pizza Gate audience. How can you not get that reference?
Now, obviously, your question would be, why is the little girl dressed up like a hot dog then?
Don't think too much about it. Just post a bunch of comments and like this video on YouTube.
And it was so funny on the tweets, they're like, yeah, I don't know what pineapple means.
The pineapple has no code in this Pizza Gate mythology. It's just pineapple. So they couldn't
fit that in. Anyways, a couple of the tweets, and I've actually discovered this too. You know,
we talked about Hans and he believed that men are women and women are men and there's this big thing
to, that's actually way bigger than I thought it was. That's, I thought it was just a Hans thing.
No, there's tons of people who believe that most women are really men and most men are really women.
So we'll have to explore that again. But in these tweets, they bring that up and they're like,
yeah, Chrissy Teigen's a man anyways. And other people are like, what? And there's one person said,
hey, whoa, whoa, whoa, like I believe in Pizza Gate, but you know, you got to knock off with this
trans hatred. So there it was this weird, because the dude just threw it out and was like, yeah,
you know, it's a man. What do you expect? Anyways, Chrissy Teigen responded to this and said,
I normally don't respond to this type of stuff, but you're assaulting my kids. One of the people
on Twitter said, look at the kids, look at the look in that kid's eyes. It's very common. That's
what sexual assault or that's what abuse victims look like. That's pretty low, dude. That's, that's
of someone's kid that like wearing a costume and you're saying, yeah, that that kid gets abused.
That's, that's pretty, pretty jacked up. So Chrissy Teigen responds to this and she's like,
hey, man, you guys are making fun of my kids. Like kind of crossing the line. And Chelsea Clinton
responded to that tweet saying, hey, you know, happens to me. I don't, I don't mind when they
make fun of me, but when they started making fun of my daughter and threatening my daughter,
I report all of those. Now the beautiful thing about Twitter is you can have somebody who is
super duper, duper famous, super powerful and whatever and anyone can contact them in public.
There was a thread recently where Mila Jovovich was just randomly talking about
movies, like resident evil movies and someone tweeted back, you suck. And she was like,
I suck. You suck. You'll never be on the set of a movie. Total. I mean, it's probably a fake account.
Someone created yelled at a huge movie star and flipped her out. So Chelsea Clinton, daughter of
Hillary and Bill Clinton, reaches out to a Twitter friend. They don't really know each other in real
life, but a fellow mom and says, Hey, I go through it too. And then someone with the account called
rogue Hooters staff, like a rogue member of the restaurant Hooters just says, eat shit, Chelsea.
And it just tagged right to her. That's the greatest thing about Twitter. So that started a big thing
where people were then contacting Hooters and saying someone is using an account that makes
it seem like they work for you to insult an ex-president's daughter. So then Hooters had to
get involved and say, Hey, we don't have anything to do with this account. Once Hooters gets involved,
Chrissy Teigen is like, what is happening? Like, hi Hooters. That's her exact tweet. Because you
have these two powerful famous women and a restaurant that is known for busty women and pot
wings has to get involved. Chelsea Clinton responds in 2017 at Church of Satan and I were put on a
few threads together in 2018. It's Hooters. What a time to be alive, Chrissy. The Church of Satan,
because she tagged them in this, the Church of Satan responds, the never ending excitement here is
never ending. And then Chelsea Clinton responds, it's been so long. Happy New Year. And in that,
she tagged Church of Satan, Chrissy Teigen and four other people, most likely Hooters and whoever
else was in the thread. Now that happened earlier, obviously, in like January of 2018. So people took
that seriously. The people, and it's funny because it's on Snopes, did Chelsea Clinton tweet Happy
New Year to the Church of Satan? And it's true because she did. But you have to take it in the
context of all everything that happened before that. It was kind of this thing like, what a wacky
world we live in. First, I'm connected to at Church of Satan and now I'm connected to at Hooters and
I'm this person and it's just, I'm a mom and it's just such a weird thing. But that actually made
things worse for her and Pete's a gate and everything like that. Even Sarah Palin, Vice
Presidential Candidate Sarah Palin, chimed in and then a bunch of other just normal people chimed
in saying, you know, this, this just goes to show what we're up against. This is Peter Wood,
this is the Satanic Elite, so on and so forth and blah, blah, blah. Yes, she did wish Happy
New Year to the Church of Satan. But it's so bizarre that all the context is gone from that.
A lot of this stuff, it has to be about the context. However, of course, this just threw fuel on the
fire because now Chelsea Clinton is talking to someone who's accused of being, dressing her
kid up as a hot dog and now the Church of Satan's involved. You know, is Hooters part of the
Illuminati? I don't know, it's hard to keep track of all this stuff. But yes, she did. It is true,
she did wish them a Happy New Year. But again, yeah, it's all about the context. So, New Year's
traditions. We've talked about Chelsea Clinton ringing in the New Year by talking to the Church
of Satan. Did you know? No, Franz is not showing up, even though that is his character, that is
his official phrase. I should get a shirt made that just says, "Did you know?" has a picture of a
guy named Franz. But did you know? Did you know? No, no, Franz, I just did Franz on
Bam McGarras afterlife. He can't come back that quickly. But did you know that there is actually
a movement? It's probably like three people, but they actually believe it. That New Year's Day
is Satanic and so are New Year's resolutions. So, the New Year Day, the New Year Day being
Satanic, that's a fairly, it's not a very controversial belief. The idea is, and it's true
in the sense that when Christianity began to take over Europe, they went the path of least
resistance. People had traditional holidays, pagan holidays, and the Church says, "Yeah,
this Jesus' birthday." Because they really don't care. They're like, "If this is when everyone
gets together and hangs out, we'll just rename it." They did that with churches and holy sites and
holidays across the board. Apparently in the Bible, there's a part in Exodus where God says to Moses
and Aaron, and I think Aaron's his son or something like that. Maybe it's just some other dude who's
just like, he was like a time traveler who just hung out with Moses and he pops up occasionally
in the Bible. I wonder if there is a time traveler in the Bible, like Bible times,
like just chilling in the background. Okay, so Moses and Aaron are hanging out and God goes,
"This month shall be unto you the beginning of months. It shall be the first month of the year to
you." Fades away. So, what he's talking about is, back in Hebrew times, there was, they used a
different calendar obviously, because they had no idea what who Julius Caesar was. They,
they're basically, when God was saying that, it was the month that is between our modern
March and April, which is supposed to be the new year. And we have it on January 1st, therefore,
New Year's Eve and New Year's Day are satanic. Those aren't the days that God wanted us to worship,
or wanted us to celebrate as the new calendar. I don't think he cares, dude. And actually,
the website I was reading, it was from a book that was published in 1964, hasn't gained a ton of
attraction. Just believe, because again, I don't, that's such a minimal thing. It's not a holy holiday
when you celebrate the New Year's. It's simply just a day to say, "Hey, it's new beginnings." I don't,
we're not a farming culture. The reason why the logic saying that God assigned that time is their
beginning, is because it was harvest based. You got to pick your battles sometimes.
Like, if you're trying to save the souls of humanity from eternal torment, if that's what
you truly believe, I don't think getting them to put down their poppers on December 31st is a good
tactic. You got to choose your battles. And I think that's what Rome was doing.
Just the church in general, they're like, "Whatever, dude. Yeah, Jesus was born right now."
Your old holiday is gone. This is the new one. They're just choosing their battles.
So on its own, I didn't find that one super compelling. However, there's a trick that I've
learned. You can type in blank conspiracy. Someone believes a conspiracy about that. And I
talked about that on episode four or five, a long time ago. But the problem is, a lot of times,
it just pulls up criminal conspiracies. However, you can, into Google, not just,
I shouldn't be specific, not just type it into a text file. You have to type it into a search
engine. You can type anything blank satanic. Someone will believe it's satanic, oddly enough.
No matter what you choose, if you put in laundry detergent satanic, I'm sure something will pop up.
So when I typed in New Year's satanic, I found this old article. But then, oh man,
I think I hit the jackpot here. Did you know, did you know that not only is New Year's Day satanic,
but New Year's resolutions is one of Satan's greatest weapons against humanity? So I'm going
to read from this article here. It starts off with a bombshell. It starts off with something
that I always personally believed, but my mind was blown when I read this sentence. Here's the
first sentence of this part. A society is not a chimney. Oh, what? I, oh man, I always compare
society to a chimney. I, I was, I thought I was the only person who ever even saw the two connected
in any sort of way. But this guy, this guy knows, man, society is not a chimney. You know what?
According to this guy, a chimney is built of bricks. Okay. You stack up bricks one on top of the other,
and at some point you have a chimney. I think you have to have a little more planning than that.
I don't think you can just stack bricks up and you have a chimney. I think you have to design it
and it has to be like a shape with a hollow tube through it. But it's analogy, whatever. A society
is not a chimney because a chimney is built of bricks. You stack one on another in any sort of
random order with no design, whatever, and eventually becomes a chimney. But I actually,
you know, I'm adding the but. He doesn't add the but. This is his quote. A society, in a way,
is built up of spiritual bricks, i.e. resolutions. But doesn't that make it like a chimney? Now it's
built of bricks. He has this weird, it's almost like he's going by the most strict definition
of the word resolution as possible. When people say, "Away, what's your resolution for the new year?"
It's a goal. It's a decision you're making. We tend that they're good resolutions, but something
to be like, "Oh, I'm just going to drink as much alcohol as I can tonight." That's my resolution.
It's a goal. It's you're making a determination to do something. I'm resolved to do this. He goes
into this whole thing. Think about the police forces, for example. A policeman has a uniform,
a badge, often a firearm if he's lucky, or he could be in Britain. But what distinguishes a true
policeman from a uniformed bandit? What happens when policemen abandon their resolution to serve
and to protect? You've got to have both of those in there that just can't serve. The material
objects remain the same, the uniform, badge, pistol, but the spiritual brick shatters, crumbles,
and disappears. What does any of this have to do with a new year's resolution? The title of this
article that I'm reading from? New Year's Resolutions, a Satanic Plot? And I cut out where he spent
the first third of the article. He came up with this weird mathematical formula to show what a
resolution was. But anyways, so yes. But that's not when people say, "Oh, what's your resolution? Oh,
my resolution is uphold the law because I'm a police officer and that's my job." That's not what we
think of when we think of a New Year's resolution. He then goes on to say stuff, "Think about banks.
Do you think that the money in your bank is really inside a big vault with your name on a
stack of dollar bills? If the bank decides to abandon their resolution to give you your money
when you ask for it, you're broke." But that's not what people mean. Now, he goes on and on with all
of these examples of it, but I've got to get to the meat of it. This is the section entitled,
"How Does Satan Attack Resolutions?" There's no, I couldn't make this up.
Satan doesn't have huge biceps or money or an army except for the millions of demons at its
control. And I've always, I think, I think Satan would be pretty fit. I don't think he'd be like
super lanky or like incredibly fat. I think he'd actually probably would have huge biceps, maybe
not like 33 inch pythons or anything, but I don't think he would be, I don't think he would be
someone who you'd be like, "Man, you need to hit the gym, Lord of Hell." I think he would be pretty
ripped, but Satan doesn't have huge biceps, and he has all the money in the world if he's tied
with these Illuminati guys, but anyways, Satan doesn't have huge biceps or money or an army,
but he's the owner of a kind of big marketing consulting firm.
Satan is a liar and the father of lies. I wonder who the mother is. I wonder if that's just a
turn of phrase or if it's supposed like he gave birth to lies. I guess the snake lied for the,
I don't know. Since Satan wants to destroy everything that is good in our society,
he must attack the very substance of the spiritual bricks that make it up. Therefore,
Satan does everything he can to give bad publicity to good resolutions.
One of Satan's favorite tricks is to throw dirt, throw a handful of dirt on the reputation of
resolutions using his famous New Year's Resolutions ad campaign. So I imagine like Satan's sitting
down in hell and he's like "Oh man, humanity's been doing so good for the past 10,000 years,
there haven't been any sort of wars, people aren't just murdering each other in the streets,
there's no terrible diseases, if only I had some way to stir the pot up on earth."
So the world's just getting nuked to pieces. He's like "Nah, it's not good enough. What I need to do,
what I need to do, we need to straight up madmen this, we need to get an ad campaign going."
And they're like "What, devil? Devil?" He's like "My name's Satan dude, don't call me devil.
Okay, Satan, Satan, what do you think we should do? What do you release more Ebola?"
He's like "Nah, it's child's play." You know what? I heard, have you guys ever heard the term
spiritual bricks and they're like "What?" No, and Satan's like me neither. But we should tear apart
these things we've never heard of by starting a thing called New Year's Resolutions. The other
demons are like "Ooh yeah, we could have these start during March between March and April and
Satan's like "No, we have to do it the Satanic New Year January 1st. What do you guys think?"
And the demons are like "Oh yeah, sorry." So, Satan has set up the idea of New Year's Resolutions
and here's why. Back to this article, we're leaving hell to back to this article.
"The poor, gollible suckers who bite this diabolical fish hook always bitterly repent afterwards.
The New Year arrives and they are filled with good intentions so they leap.
Quick, I must run a marathon right away since I'm fat."
Trust me, no fat person ever says they have to run a marathon right away.
And at the same time, I'll do my income tax return since I'm always late. And while I'm
running with my computer and my bundles of invoices under one arm, I'll hold a paintbrush in my
mouth and a canvas under the other since I've been wanting to learn oil painting for years.
What are the probabilities of success for such an endeavor?
About zero. I would say that's beyond zero. You're fat, you're running a marathon,
you're doing your taxes and you're trying to paint at the same time. But back to the article,
but this is exactly what Satan wants. He wants people to take as few resolutions as possible
and to take them as incorrectly as possible in conditions which practically guarantee their
failure and especially that they create as many bad memories as possible.
He didn't laugh in the article, that was me. So apparently Satan, father of lies and Lord of
the Flies, it kind of rhymes, and has this huge demonic army and according to this guy, isn't fit,
but I'm sure he has at least a barbell set in hell. He has all this power, be magic basically.
He can be invisible, he can tempt people, but his main plan is having like whispering in people's
ears, "You should lose weight." He'll never lose weight. The problem with that is that what if the
dude loses weight? And he's like, he goes about it the right way and says, "I'm fat, I should run a
marathon. Next marathon's in eight months, I'm gonna do it." And Satan's like, "Dag, nab it! I
should never whisper it in his ear to lose weight. Now I'll have to wait 60 years to capture his soul."
But you know, again, it's one of those things, like this dude was reaching, he had to come up with
such a strict definition of the word, I think he was working backwards. I think he was probably
sitting there smoking the Christian equivalent of marijuana and thought, "Dude, what if New
Year's resolutions are satanic and then worked backwards to prove his point?" That if I have
such a strict version of the word resolution, then it's, New Year's resolutions are something you
say you're gonna do and you're right, not a lot of people do it, but it doesn't create bad memories,
you just go, "Oh yeah, I totally forgot, I was supposed to learn how to play guitar this year."
You don't sit around and cry about it. And to be fair, if it is part of Satan's plans, most
people's New Year's resolutions are pretty self-serving, so you think that would work against
Satan, because New Year's resolutions are stuff like, "I want to buy a house, I want more money,
I want to lose weight so I can be more attractive to attract the opposite sex." That's all very
really kind of selfish people, not a lot of people do New Year's resolutions when they say,
"I want to give more money to charity." Normally it's something material and say,
"You should be like, "Yeah, yeah, do it, lose weight and buy that house, that's all that's
important, don't worry about your spiritual growth, do it." You think it would be the opposite, but
again, clever little trick, if you want to find anything bizarre, just type in "blank Satan"
or "blank Satanic" and you'll get stuff like this. The idea of Satan running a marketing firm,
though, I just imagine him with like one of those tripod things and you have like the sheet of paper
on it and you kind of like flip it over. He says of all night, like on these huge sheets of paper,
writing down his marketing plans and then he takes it into the office with all the other demons,
he sets up the tripod, puts the big sheet of paper on it and instantly he rubs it in flames and he's
like, "Oh yeah, I forgot I'm in hell." Like, how would you have a marketing team in hell? What are
their desks made of? I mean, everything would have to be stone. You can't have a computer down there,
it's all on fire. Everything, I mean, all of your legal documents would be on like five miles of rock.
Go walk three miles over that way, that's where the fine print is. I'd like to give this
diet gotten a benefit of the doubt and not think that he actually meant that Satan ran an actual
marketing firm, but or marketing campaign, whatever the term was. No, it says he's the owner of a kind
of big marketing consulting firm. So maybe he has a bit of an outcry because he said kind of,
"But it's still, I just imagine it's a place called like Satan and the Sons and you go in there
and you go in there and you're like, "This is my product, how are we gonna sell it?" And Satan's
like, "Hmm, discarded baby flesh, there's a market for that somewhere." He sells it to Avon. I just love
the idea that God's eternal, upon God's likespin, the past 10,000 years preparing for the final war
between good and evil and Lucifer's down there making ad campaigns for IBM. I love that idea.
I'm just imagining at some point in the future, Satan's gonna be sitting there going over a pie
chart that's made out of pebbles and seashells and then all of a sudden he's gonna look up at his
clock and go, "Oh wait, I forgot Armageddon's coming." And then just a bunch of angels show up,
just lay waste to his entire empire. Satan and Sons, that's just where I'm gonna start getting
all my marketing done from. DeadRabbitRadioGmail.com is going to be your email address. You can also
hit us up at facebook.com/DeadRabbitRadio. Twitter is @JasonLCarvinder. DeadRabbitRadio is the
daily paranormal conspiracy and true crime, odd cash. You don't have to listen to it every day.
I'm glad you listened to it today. Sorry for the vibrating mic there. Have a great day, guys.